new info about analysis data (#326)
MeteoSwiss/opendata: docs/e-forecast-data/e2-e3-numerical-weather-forecasting-model.mdx

| New Model Run (Initialization) | every 3 h | every 6 h |
| Output Data Format | GRIB edition 2 | GRIB edition 2 |

:::note

> Open Data does not include analysis data generated by [KENDA](https://www.meteoswiss.admin.ch/weather/warning-and-forecasting-systems/icon-forecasting-systems/ensemble-data-assimilation.html). To work with current model data, use the forecast data of ICON-CH1-EPS and ICON-CH2-EPS at lead time zero instead.

Reviewer: Added a justification why forecasts at time zero can be used as analysis
```suggestion
Open Data does not include analysis data generated by [KENDA](https://www.meteoswiss.admin.ch/weather/warning-and-forecasting-systems/icon-forecasting-systems/ensemble-data-assimilation.html).  From the forecast products provided, use the **forecast data of ICON-CH1-EPS or ICON-CH2-EPS at lead time 0** (*horizon 0*).  
These fields are effectively equivalent to the analysis and are available every 3 hours (ICON-CH1-EPS) or 6 hours (ICON-CH2-EPS), instead of hourly as with KENDA.
```

For more details, refer to section [Vertical grid](#vertical-grid).
</details>

<details>
<summary> <b> How can I access KENDA analysis data? </b> </summary>

> Open Data does not include analysis data generated by [KENDA](https://www.meteoswiss.admin.ch/weather/warning-and-forecasting-systems/icon-forecasting-systems/ensemble-data-assimilation.html). To work with current model data, use the provided forecast data of ICON-CH1-EPS or ICON-CH2-EPS at lead time zero instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open Data does not include analysis data generated by [KENDA](https://www.meteoswiss.admin.ch/weather/warning-and-forecasting-systems/icon-forecasting-systems/ensemble-data-assimilation.html).  From the forecast products provided, use the **forecast data of ICON-CH1-EPS or ICON-CH2-EPS at lead time 0** (*horizon 0*).  
These fields are effectively equivalent to the analysis and are available every 3 hours (ICON-CH1-EPS) or 6 hours (ICON-CH2-EPS), instead of hourly as with KENDA.
```
